Dark mode: Theme switcher control (#2425)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/customize/color-modes.md

To allow visitors or users to toggle color modes, you'll need to create a toggle element to control the `data-bs-theme` attribute on the root element, `<html>`. We've built a toggler in our documentation that initially defers to a user's current system color mode, but provides an option to override that and pick a specific color mode.

{{< callout info >}}

> Find a markup example inside our [Orange navbar mode selector section]({{< docsref "/components/orange-navbar#with-mode-selector" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our [Orange navbar mode selector variant]({{< docsref "/components/orange-navbar#with-mode-selector" >}}) to add a color mode selector to your navbar.
```
